The document is an assembly instruction for the Smart Clamp linear motor.
A hex key size 3 is required.
A hex key size 4 is required.
A hex key size 5 is required.
A fixture is required for assembly.
One M8x25 slider screw is required.
Two M8 spherical washers are required.
Two M6x12 shaft screws (ISO 4762) are required.
One front plate part 0150-5005 is required.
Two M8 conical seats are listed.
One dished washer DIN2093A is required.
One slider part 0150-1506 is required.
Two hardened steel shafts are required.
The shaft part number is 0150-5010.
Three M5x18 clamping screws are required.
Three clamping cylinders are required.
The clamping cylinder part number is 0150-5053.
One guide block with ball bearings is required.
The guide block part number is 0150-5002.
One stator part 0150-1252 is required.
Two M6 washers sized 20/1.5 are required.
Two M6x12 shaft screws (ISO 7380) are required.
One brake hole cap is required.
The brake hole cap part number is 0160-0727.
One 80x80 mm cooling fan is required.
Four M4 square nuts are required.
The square nuts follow DIN 562.
Four M4x16 hexagonal spacers are required.
Four M4x30 screws are required.
The M4x30 screws follow ISO 4762.
One protective grid is required.
The assembly kit must be available on the work table.
The guide block is black.
The guide block is positioned in a fixture.
The T-slots must face upward.
Three holes should face the assembler.
The stator is taken from the kit.
The stator is inserted from the right side.
The stator is slid carefully into the housing.
The stator is fixed in the housing.
Three clamping cylinders are used to secure the stator.
Three M5x18 screws are placed in the cylinders.
A size 4 hex key is used to fasten the clamping screws.
The clamping cylinders must be inserted completely.
A brake hole cap is taken from a container.
The brake hole cap is pushed into a hole in the guide block.
Slider assembly begins after stator fixation.
The slider comes in a tube.
The tube is opened before extraction.
The slider rod must be extracted carefully.
The slider rod is highly magnetic.
The slider rod should be grasped firmly.
The slider is inserted from the left side.
Magnetic forces create resistance during insertion.
The tube is returned to the kit afterward.
Hardened steel shafts are inserted from the right side.
The shafts are inserted into the guide block.
The front plate is placed against the shafts.
The front plate has a “This side up” marking.
The marking must remain visible after mounting.
The text should face toward the housing.
Two M6x12 shaft screws secure the front plate.
A size 5 hex key is used on the shaft screws.
The slider screw must be prepared before final attachment.
The slider screw is an M8x25 bolt.
Two spherical washers are collected for slider screw assembly.
One conical seat is collected for slider screw assembly.
One dished washer is collected for slider screw assembly.
A spherical washer is first placed on the slider screw.
The slider screw is inserted into the front plate.
The conical seat is milled into the front plate.
The front plate is attached to the slider.
A conical seat is placed on the opposite side of the front plate.
A second spherical washer is placed on the screw assembly.
A dished washer is added to the assembly.
The bolt is screwed into the slider rod end.
A size 5 hex key is used for the slider screw.
Additional cooling is provided by a fan assembly.
Four square nuts are taken from containers.
Four hexagonal spacers are taken from containers.
The square nuts slide into T-slots.
The square nuts must be positioned correctly.
Four spacers are screwed onto the square nuts.
The cooling fan sits on top of the spacers.
Spacer positions may need adjustment.
A protective grid is placed above the fan.
Fan assembly uses four M4x30 screws.
The screws are taken from a container on the table.
A size 5 hex key secures the fan screws.
Four screws are used to fix the fan assembly.
The guide block contains T-slots.
Ball bearings are integrated into the guide block assembly.
The procedure includes both mechanical assembly and cooling installation.
The stator is installed before the slider.
The front plate is installed after the shafts.
Magnetic attraction is explicitly noted in the procedure.
Orientation checks are required for the front plate.
Multiple fasteners follow ISO standards.
Several washers are used to accommodate the slider connection.
The procedure ends with the statement that assembly is finished.